[Identity] Deprecate UsernamePasswordCredential (#39785)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Other Changes

> - Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential`. This credential does not support multifactor authentication (MFA) which is required by Microsoft Entra ID for most authentication scenarios. ([#39785](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39785))

Reviewer: I suggest making this message a little scarier.
```suggestion
- Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential`, as it doesn't support multifactor authentication (MFA). MFA will soon be enforced on all Microsoft Entra tenants. For more details, see [Planning for mandatory multifactor authentication](https://aka.ms/mfaforazure). ([#39785](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39785))
```

> - Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential`, as it doesn't support multifactor authentication (MFA). MFA will soon be enforced on all Microsoft Entra tenants. For more details, see [Planning for mandatory multifactor authentication](https://aka.ms/mfaforazure). ([#39785](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39785))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential`, as it doesn't support multifactor authentication (MFA). MFA will soon be enforced on all Microsoft Entra tenants. For more details, see [Planning for mandatory MFA](https://aka.ms/mfaforazure). ([#39785](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39785))
```
